## Introduction
As it is clear from the name of the repository that *it is for graph algorithms*. And it is very useful to know these algorithms as many problems can be done with the help of these algorithm either directly or after slightly tweaking the algorithm. I heard the name of graph algorithms like *Dijkstra Algorithm, A\* Algorithm, DFS, BFS, Bellman Ford Algorithm* and many more and then I searched for these algorithm in order to learn about them then I got the beautifully structured course *Graph Theory with Python* on *Stack Abuse*. I read several articles there and those articles were really great and understandable so I thought why not make its repository and add some standard problems on it. That's the story of this repository.

## How to use this repository?
See I have tried my best to structure all the files. Folder *Course Material* contains all the algorithms and material which I got in *Stack Abuse's* course and more from other sources but in my style here codes can differ from what we find there, and Folder *Problems* contains some standard and non-standard problems on graph algorithms like *Topological Sorting, Counting Number of Connected Components, Cycle Detection, Path Finding, Maze Solving, etc.* So I would recommend you to first go through the *Course Material* folder or read article on *Stack Abuse* before trying any problem or you read statement of all problems then think about how to solve them then read articles and learn about graph algorithm. This will really give you clear idea or motive about why we're learning these algorithms and why they're important.

I really enjoyed the whole course, I learnt so many tricks and python as well. This course really helped me to make my programming skills better than it was before all algorithm are very interesting Dijkstra and A* specially, A* is the type of algorithm which has potential to surprize you when you apply it on different grids with different conditions. It really explores all the path and gives us shortest optimal path. Kruskal's Algorithm is also very famous and it is highly intuitive which shows us how some simple ideas can give us great algorithms
for difficult problems. I learnt about Union-Find (Disjoint-Set) Data Structure while learning Kruskal's Algorithm.

I have a file on Union-Find Data Structure, I really like the idea of it and its usage in Kruskal's algo.

## Contribution
I don't know if someone would contribute to my this little repository. Anyways but yeah, if you think, you can improve this repository by adding/correcting explanations, problems or anything else then please do. I would be glad to see your contribution in this. Happy Coding!